add docs for triggerRef (#278)
vuejs/docs-next: src/api/refs-api.md

```

**See also**: [Creating Standalone Reactive Values as `refs`](../guide/reactivity-fundamentals.html#creating-standalone-reactive-values-as-refs)

## `triggerRef`

> Calls the `trigger` of a [`shallowRef`](#shallowref) manually.

Reviewer: @bencodezen it's an internal API so I don't think we should document it 🤔

> Calls the `trigger` of a [`shallowRef`](#shallowref) manually.

Author: suggestion: What if we rephrase to something like

```suggestion
Execute any effects tied to a  [`shallowRef`](#shallowref) manually.
```

> Calls the `trigger` of a [`shallowRef`](#shallowref) manually.

Reviewer: I believe it's a nice rephrasing!
